c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Collect.exe
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Collect.pdb
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\obj\x86\Debug\Collect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\obj\x86\Debug\Collect.exe
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\obj\x86\Debug\Collect.pdb
c:\users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\font.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hit10.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\hit5.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\miss.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bigfont.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\pixel.jpg
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fonts\bigfont.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fonts\font.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\hit10.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\hit5.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\miss.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\pixel.xnb
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\fonts\bigfont.spritefont
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\down.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\left.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\right.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\up.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\downReceptor.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\downReceptorD.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\leftReceptor.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\leftReceptorD.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\rightReceptor.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\rightReceptorD.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\upReceptor.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\textures\upReceptorD.png
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\pop.wma
c:\Users\simontollstern\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Collect\Collect\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\sounds\pop.xnb
